Create 2024-04-17.md ACA coverage (#133)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal-content: content/verification/veteran-verification/release-notes/2024-04-17.md

We added a new endpoint: ACA Coverage (restricted access) for v2 of the Veteran Service History and Eligibility API.

> * Authorized users can send requests to this endpoint to check Veteran enrollment in minimum essential coverage (MEC) as defined by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This enrollment inquiry is for a specified date range in requests (required).

Reviewer: Does the required mean that a user has to submit a specified date range?

Author: Yes, it is required that the user submit a specific date range

> * Authorized users can send requests to this endpoint to check Veteran enrollment in minimum essential coverage (MEC) as defined by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This enrollment inquiry is for a specified date range in requests (required).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Authorized users can send requests to this endpoint to check a Veteran's enrollment in minimum essential coverage (MEC) as defined by the Affordable Care Act (ACA). This enrollment request requires a specified date range. 
```
